README.md, before:

# RPG free for Visual Studio Code
Visual Studio Code extension to convert fixed format RPGLE to free format.

This is based on [rpgfreeweb](https://github.com/worksofliam/rpgfreeweb).

## How to get running

### Install from Marketplace

[You can find the extension in the VS Code Marketplace!](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=BrianJGarland.vscode-rpgfree)

### Run from local

1. clone repo
2. `npm i`
3. 'Run Extension' from vscode debug.

## How to use

Highlight all or part of your source code and then right-click and use the "Convert to Free Format" option from the menu.

A couple of caveats:
1. Your highlight should start in position 1 of the line or that line will not convert.
2. Your highlight should end after the end of line for the last line to be converted.

## Contributors

* [@worksofliam](https://github.com/worksofliam)
* [@BrianGarland](https://github.com/BrianGarland)
* [@DavidShears](https://github.com/DavidShears)
* [@RoySpino](https://github.com/RoySpino)

Commit message:

Update README.MD; link to preivously fixed issues.
Updated the README.MD to reflect the fact that conversion of selected
text will now auto-extend to convert the entire first line and
last line selected.  This behavior was changed with the fix
for BrianGarland/vscode-rpgfree#90.

As my prior commits for the following issues did not correctly create
the link to the issues and (therfore did not) close them, I am
re-listing the issues fixed on prior commits:

* Fixes BrianGarland/vscode-rpgfree#32
* Fixes BrianGarland/vscode-rpgfree#35
* Fixes BrianGarland/vscode-rpgfree#45
* Fixes BrianGarland/vscode-rpgfree#48
* Fixes BrianGarland/vscode-rpgfree#50
* Fixes BrianGarland/vscode-rpgfree#61
* Fixes BrianGarland/vscode-rpgfree#62
* Fixes BrianGarland/vscode-rpgfree#81

README.md, after:

# RPG free for Visual Studio Code

Visual Studio Code extension to convert fixed format RPGLE to free format.

This is based on [rpgfreeweb](https://github.com/worksofliam/rpgfreeweb).

## How to get running

### Install from Marketplace

[You can find the extension in the VS Code Marketplace!](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=BrianJGarland.vscode-rpgfree)

### Run from local

1. clone repo
2. `npm i`
3. 'Run Extension' from vscode debug.

## How to use

Highlight all or part of your source code and then right-click and use the "Convert to Free Format" option from the menu.  If no selection was made prior to running "Convert to Free Format", then the entire document will be converted _and_ the `**FREE` will be added as the first line.

> **Note**
> If a selection was made prior to running "Convert to Free Format", the selection will be extended to the start of the first line selected and the end of the last line selected.

## Contributors

* [@worksofliam](https://github.com/worksofliam)
* [@BrianGarland](https://github.com/BrianGarland)
* [@DavidShears](https://github.com/DavidShears)
* [@RoySpino](https://github.com/RoySpino)
